JPDC - Journal of Paralel and Distributed Computing

Artigo: Gerencimaneto de execucão de aplicações no Middleware InteGrade

Introducão - componentes

Predição de disponibilidade de recursos do GUPA e LUPA

Gerenciamento de execução: ExecutionManager
    - aplicaçÕes BSP
    - aplicações MPI

Gereciamento dos dados
    - tolerancia a falhas (oppstore)
        .deteccao e recuperacao

Experimentos (falta fazer)

simular taxa de falhas e workload baseado em valores obtidos a partir de traces
(disponibilizados pelo marcelo finger).



:: objetivo
efetividade

:: metricas
makespan

:: mecanica
:: resultados para coleta e analise
:: aplicações

Reviews:

No meu ponto de vista, esta solicitação é a mais complicada de
se atender: [Vinicius, Alfredo, Francisco] [R2] 

"...the most exciting piece in my opinion has been left off, which is a
comprehensive experimental characterization of how the complete InteGrade
middleware works in practice (something the authors mention in the conclusion
as upcoming work). In particular, I'd like to see how the types of application
the authors refer to make good use of the richer collection of resources to be
made available through this computational infrastructure." 

Reforçando este ponto (e na minha opinião colocando de forma direta do que se deseja) temos o
comentário do R3: [R3]

"Supporting the execution of tightly-coupled parallel applications over shared
resources exploited opportunistically is a challenging endeavor and a solution
for this problem would bring great benefits to users that require to run such
workloads. However, in its current form, the paper does not give concrete
evidences that Integrade has solved the problem successfully. In fact, all
evidences that are provided serve only to confirm secondary properties that are
not by themselves sufficient to claim that tightly-coupled applications will
successfully be executed by an Integrade-based grid infrastructure that
assembles shared resources. Thus, I suggest the authors to conduct the required
experiments to collect primary metrics (eg. the overhead of executing realistic
tightly-coupled workloads on an Integrade-based grid, compared to running this
workload on a service grid based on dedicated resources); it is only then that
the tradeoff cost versus overhead may be well evaluated and the feasibility of
Integrade for this kind of workload will be established."


